[Music]
look guys I have furniture this is adult
furniture low like cost more than $200
I'm so proud of myself
oh there's still some logistics I need
to figure out like with where every
everything's going you know you try to
pick up like an IKEA chair you think
it's gonna be heavy and it's just like
goods flying but yeah this is like adult
furniture so proud of myself today we
are building like my mega desk
oh we got here mega-desk of course
command central
a little surveillance gaming business my
u-shaped
productive editing suite thing so we're
gonna get to that but I actually have a
special guest here look it's Elliott I
don't know you guys remember Elliott
because yeah so he was like my first and
I will say I probably only intern who
knows what the future holds but yet
you're back yeah because that's because
he's the best thing can't be replaced so
he is actually in town just in the nick
of time as I try to get this office all
set up so when he texts me I was like
perfect I'm gonna put you to work
can you help me build my new desks do
you watch the office yes wait or
mega-desk
oh here we go this is all the stuff that
we have to build I had to wheel all of
this up a little and a little cart
things so all of this stuff is to desks
and a lot of other stuff fully actually
hooked it up this isn't like a sponsored
episode but they hooked it up so you
best believe I'm going to give them all
of the love fully thank you so much
they're all about when you're working
you're at your desk you're still
I live in your best life so both of
these are standing desks they're
actually electric stuff yes so the press
of a button you know it sorry I can't I
can't get out words out right now
because I'm like building stuff it's not
my favorite I can't follow very well but
that's why I'm Elliot Thank You Elliot -
whiteboard desk standing desks that
means you can write with dry erase
markers which I'm super excited about I
think we've got chairs in here and we've
got other goodies let's get into it
what's - little different go say let's
just get into it
[Music]
look at that so you could be standing
working at your standing desk or how do
people do this you can how is this guys
you can sit in these chairs so many ways
just working hi how are the KPIs for the
business words
you got a standing death but guess what
the floor is still hard whoo alright so
provides a little cushion this soft
surface all right time to build a desk I
did it look so this is the smaller desk
this is the one that the PC is gonna go
on look oh I want to stand just press to
an automatically rises fullest part
about this desk is it's a whiteboard
everywhere as an avid note-taker this is
this is game-changing Wow smooth as
butter
so the thing is while I was building
this desk over here the homies over here
what we're building the second one and
this is the bigger one
how's it then this is who are you Bob
Elliott you can supporting kind of yeah
I've been watching yeah over here will
be the big desk with the two Apple
monitors and then the smaller one
against this wall is gonna be the PC
setup now here's the thing my custom PC
actually left it's gone but it's because
I'm having a better PC made and you're
gonna have to tune in tomorrow to see
that I might be having a main gear peace
evening doll right now I'm taking cable
management very seriously because I
don't want to get attacked in the
YouTube comments down below
oh okay so we have everything in place
that's still a little messy I'm going to
tidy up tomorrow but I think it's I
think it's coming together Megadeth
it's a mess right now
but this is real life I've been working
here for two or three weeks and almost
even longer it's taken so long to film a
series but I'm so stoked on it I have my
MacBook plugged in behind my two Apple
cinema displays and then I have my PC
over here and then just a random desk
over here that has a lot of crap on it
it'll probably be like that like the
dumping ground but it's also a good
place for someone to just come and edit
who I'm collaborating with I've already
had some edit help with some things and
it's easy just to exchange files when
we're in the same space oh this is like
my dream I can't believe it's come true
like just having this mega desk set up
right here is amazing but then to think
I have everything behind this to the
wire management on this desk is
fantastic over here on the PC though I
still got a few things out isn't my
permanent set up if you've watched some
of my recent videos you know I've been
using the Origin PC I've been kind of
trying out this Intel op team everything
it's super speedy and it handles my
workflow amazingly however I have this
huge super PC being built by manga so
that's going to be the main set up here
so I haven't got a hold of the wire
management down here yet because I still
got to figure out what it's gonna look
like it's main your PC but I've been
using this organ PC for like a month now
and that's amazing and actually the next
episode is going and picking up my main
gear PC guides you want to subscribe you
want to be here for that because it's
happened you're gonna see it tomorrow
and I'm literally about to leave to go
check it out I'm so excited but I need
to do one more thing the final piece
[Music]
why does the enterprise is peachy
enterprise I always thought you know
mogul talk like enterprises like when
I'm when I'm joking with my mom or
something like hey come work for PG
enterprises doesn't PG enterprises some
better than Enterprise do you want me to
interject what I was saying it seems to
make more sense if it was just peachy
enterprise unless you're working on all
right well in my thinking PG enterprises
it's the umbrella of all the dopest we
doing out here
all of these enterprises you're building
that already are umbrellas over other
things so you have to create okay lot
okay guys so let me know in the comments
below
does peachy enterprise make more sense
Aaron I just feel like peachy Enterprise
ourselves yeah let me know this is fun
this is a lot of fun peach enterprises
[Music]